
   Katie M. Blakeman Heading1 Katie M. Blakeman Heading3

   Case LookUp   LOGOFF

   CRIMINAL CASE LOOKUP FOR CASE #15CF000963

   Defendant Plaintiff
WILLIAMS  SALEEM
3 HIGH CT
URBANA IL 61802

PEOPLE OF ILLINOIS

   Information:
                 File Date: 07/02/15
                Court Room: B
           Next Appearance: 09/17/15  09:00
                Birth Date: 10/08/88
                 DEFENDANT: WILLIAMS  SALEEM


   FEES & FINES INFORMATION as of 8-26-2016 10:00PM


     ORDERED      DESCRIPTION                   PAID        BALANCE
         .00      BOND -10% BOND FEE              .00            .00

   RECEIPT HISTORY INFORMATION as of 8-26-2016 10:00PM


    RECEIPT #   DESCRIPTION                   AMOUNT       DATE PAID
   121793482 SHERIFF'S BOOKING FEE             34.00        07/06/15
   121793482 BOND - ORIGINAL                  250.00        07/06/15
   121932368 *BOND TRANSFERS OUT             -250.00        09/23/15

   CHARGES INFORMATION as of 8-26-2016 10:00PM

      Count Description
         1  THEFT CON INTENT <$500 PRIOR


   DOCKET INFORMATION as of 8-26-2016 10:00PM


   07-02-15                 Charge 01 Count 001 THEFT CON INTENT <$500 PRIOR
                            Statute 720 5/16-1(a)(1)(A)  Class 4  Orig.
                            Agency: CHAMPAIGN COUNTY SHERIFF  Charge Instr: Info
rmation
                            No bond No Bond
                            Charging documents
                            Created and properly labeled court case file.
                            Expanded record of arraignment proceedings.
                            Defendant is arraigned. Defendant is admonished as t
o EXTENDED TERM
                            SENTENCING. Public Defender is appointed and Janie M
iller-Jones
                            appears instanter.  Defendant requests Preliminary h
earing. Cause is
                            allotted for Preliminary hearing on 7/10/15 at 9:00
a.m. in Courtroom
                            F. Cause is further allotted for Pre Trial on 8/4/15
 at 9:00 a.m. in
                            Courtroom B. Bond set in the amount of $2,500-ROR DE
NIED. Defendant is
                            admonished as to trial and sentencing in absentia.
See expanded
                            record.
                            Cause allotted for pre-trial on
                            Notice of arrest without warrant on file.
                            Expanded record of court proceedings on arraignment.
                            Affidavit in support of request to appoint attorney.
   07-06-15                 Sheriff Booking Fee
   07-09-15                 Subpoena Served.  No Fees.
   07-10-15                 Pre-trial order after waiver or finding of probable
cause.
                            People appear by Sarah J. Carlson. Defendant appears
 with counsel,
                            Jamie Propps. Defendant waives preliminary hearing,
enters a plea of
                            not guilty and requests trial by jury. Pre-Trial Ord
ers entered. See
                            Orders. Bond to continue
                            Proof(s) of service on file.
                            Discovery filed.
                            Pre-trial Order after Indictment, Waive, or upon fin
ding of
                            probable cause.
   07-13-15                 Answer to Discovery filed
   07-22-15
                            Correspondence from the Defendant received and place
d on file. Copies
                            provided to counsel this date.
                            Copy of correspondence from the defendant on file.
   08-11-15                 Defendant's motion for continuance.
                            People appear by Sarah N. Perry.  Defendant appears
personally and
                            with counsel, Jamie Propps. Motion by the Defendant
for continuance.
                            Motion allowed.
   09-17-15                 Disposition 01/00  Count 001  No Fine & Cost
                            Disposition: Dismissed THEFT CON INTENT <$500 PRIOR
                            Disposition Type: Court Action   Defendant Plea: No
Plea Entered
                            Statute 720 5/16-1(a)(1)(A)  Class 4
                            Sentence: 09/17/2015
                            Sentence: No Sentence  In force
                            Cause dismissed.
                            Appearance of the People by Sarah J. Carlson.  Appea
rance of the
                            Defendant personally and by counsel, Jamie Propps.
On motion of the
                            State this Cause is ordered dismissed and stricken.
 Bond of the
                            Defendant ordered transferred to 15-CF-677 for payme
nt of fines and
                            costs. Balance, if any, discharged.
   09-21-15                 Case dismissed.
   09-23-15                 Bond Type Transfer Bond To    2015CF000677 WILLIAMS
SALEEM
                            Disposition sent through ADR process this date. SPT
     __________________________________________________________________

   The PASS system is intended to be a summary of information for the
   public. It does not take the place of the legal information that is
   held in the actual Court file. The Clerk of the Circuit Court of
   Champaign County accepts no liability for discrepancies between these
   electronic versions and the official printed documents.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Case LookUp   LOGOFF
